Initial documentation (#2)
diasurgical/modding-tools: Tiled/README.md

# Diablo 1 level editing with Tiled

> We provide an extension that allows [Tiled](https://www.mapeditor.org/) to open and save to the dun-fileformat used by Diablo. You will also fine a series of prefab stamps, as well as an extensive set of rules for automating parts of the process of creating an interesting and detailed level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We provide an extension that allows [Tiled](https://www.mapeditor.org/) to open and save to the DUN-file format used by Diablo. You will also find a series of prefabricated stamps, as well as an extensive set of rules for automating parts of the process of creating an interesting and detailed level.
```

![Diablo map in Tiled](Tiled/docs/images/tiled.png)

## Setting up Tiled

### Installation

> First step is to download and install [Tiled](https://www.mapeditor.org/), we recomend version 1.4 as it makes setting up the tool a lot simpler, but 1.3 should also work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First step is to download and install [Tiled](https://www.mapeditor.org/), we recommend version 1.4 or higher as it makes setting up the tool a lot simpler, but 1.3 should also work.
```

Then download [this repository](https://github.com/diasurgical/modding-tools/archive/master.zip).

Next you will need a PNG version of the tileset, this can be done using [Open source-ami](https://github.com/sanctuary/opensource-ami).

> Note for Windows users we provide a helper script in the windows-x86-scripts folder, this need to be used togeather with Open source-ami.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note for Windows users we provide a helper script in the [windows-x86-scripts folder](https://github.com/diasurgical/modding-tools/tree/master/windows-x86-scripts), this need to be used together with Open source-ami.
```

> Once you have at the, this should give you 5 png-files that needs to be placed in the Tiled/tilesets of this repository's files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have run the script, this should give you 5 PNG-files that needs to be placed in the Tiled/tilesets directory of this repository's files.
```

Reviewer: Consider adding comment about `objects.png` and `monsters.png`.

    Tiled/tilesets/catacombs_mega_special.png
    Tiled/tilesets/cathedral_mega_special.png
    Tiled/tilesets/caves_mega.png
    Tiled/tilesets/hell_mega.png
    Tiled/tilesets/monsters.png
    Tiled/tilesets/objects.png
    Tiled/tilesets/tristram_mega_special.png

### Setting up tiled

> From the menu select Project->Project Properties, here you need to point Tiled to the `extensions` folder and the `rules.txt` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From the menu select `Project->Project Properties`, here you need to point Tiled to the `extensions` folder and the `rules.txt` file:
```
